yeah what's going on mr. Baba out here
for Rockaway Queens New York big apple
you know how I go I'm here to talk about
obviously you're sitting right in your
face the oyster 76 now these Clippers
has been around for long as I remember
they changed the faceplate a little but
the power is still the same consistent
for over I've been kind of here
21 years I've been remember these
there's more like a remember guy I got
to say these 40 years it's a good
American classic I'm saying those other
Clippers out there I don't know how it
really for sure how they operate no like
dandies v girls I see them there okay
I've seen those in action didn't get to
see MVPs yet they're not all like that
big thing they get to plug in the wall
all that is like come on now and um what
something about wall the wall stinger I
mean I've seen them up close and
personal I was at the Long Island
cutlery shout out to my boy or mall and
I'll be quite honest I'm not impressed
so the barber game classic my opinion is
a must
they don't cut me a check but they want
this company one company one holla to
boying hard to find I'm saying
lotta barbers are saying yo I'm strictly
ball I'm strictly handed a blah blah
blah y'all man they cut your check
go get your money not going to be
managed you're not cutting a check
and you decide to go in limited options
- what gives you the best haircut I feel
sorry for your dog your work is gonna
suffer the end of the day I do what's
right for me
you know saying mr. barber plastics
every six men classic power-assisted for
years and years and years good American
classic leave your comments
shout outs whatever effect never mind
shoutouts with my saying how did your
boy Richard Volvo
let me know what you think let me know
what you want to see out of me you know
saying give me some ideas what kind of
videos you want out